[Music]
Hello, to make a good video,
we need a good team. With the
help of a good team, the video can be made even better.
Usually, to make a short video, there are
three to four people in the team who do the
work of selecting and directing the camera, script, mic, shooting location. The
team making the video works like a cricket or
football team, just like
in a game, all the players follow the instructions of their captain and
work to make the team win. In the
same way,
all the members of the video making team also
follow the orders of a captain to make a better video, whom
we call the director.
In today's video series, we will
talk about the head of the video making team, the director, and will
know
what are their main roles during the process of making a video.
After the closeup, we take a long shot. It will
feel good. No, no, I think that
after the closeup shot, we take a closeup shot of the other person as well.
What will happen with this, there will be no jerk or
any shock and then after that we will
take a long shot. Absolutely right. If you want, you
can take OTS. And yes, the dialogue is also a little
long, so we can shorten it a little.
And also I will explain it in detail so that
people can understand it easily, right?
Making a video starts
with scripting. In this part, the director
sits with his team and writes the script and
discusses its basics like
how the dialogues of the script should be short and
funny, and easy so that people can understand, the
expressions of the character should be
according to the script and according to the place where the video is to be shown,
apart from this, the
things shown or told in the video should be technically
correct. After scripting,
everyone together makes a story board in which
it is clearly written that
which shot is to be taken on which dialogue, what will be its angle,
what will be shown in which scene, all this is
decided.
Apart from this, in this stage, the director
divides the work among his team like
who will do the camera, who will be responsible for the script and sound
and who will
handle the location, during this time the director's decision
is final, so look, I will take care of the script and direction
and Geeta, you
take care of the sound and camera, Raju you have to
handle the background management, okay, take
care that there is no noise from behind, okay,
okay, apart from this, reflectors and
I will also take care of the diffuser, that's
fine. Yes, I will take care of the camera's
sound. Yes, everyone has talked about the
team. So
in this video, you saw how a director,
along with his team,
plays an important role in the selection of scripts and shorts.
In the next part, we will learn
how a director selects a good character and shooting
location. Thank you.
[Music]